Hapihapitchi Is Popular?!
Morning!
Wake up, everyone!
Morning.
Hi, Hapihapitchi.
Hi, Mametchi, Chamametchi!
Morning, Mamametchi.
Hapihapitchi, thanks
for your help.
It's time to wake up!
I was working till late
last night.
You will be late for work,
Papamametchi.
Leave it to Hapihapitchi!
Hapihapi. Hapihapi!
Yeah! I'll work hard today!
You have a test today.
What!!??
I'll do my best!
It's easy for you to say.
You're smart.
I'll fail-tchi.
Here we go.
Hapihapi!
I hate tests, but
I'll try my best!
Me too-tchi.
Yay!
You guys are great!
Okay...
You get a "Great Award"!
Yay!
Hello, Hapihapitchi.
Hello.
It's so nice to see you!
Hapihapi.
Please come by sometime.
I will!
A butterfly!
Why is Hapihapitchi so popular?
Because...
Hapihapi Happy!
Hapihapitchi has a special
power to make people happy.
Yes-tchi!
Be happy, Hapi!